[WIP] Add options to control method failure handling in the Router middleware (#250)
yiisoft/router: README.md

If host is specified, all routes in the group would match only if the host match.

### Middleware usage

> In order to simplify usage in PSR-middleware based application, there is a ready to use `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` middleware provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify usage in PSR-middleware based application, there is a ready to use `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` middleware provided:
```

```php
$router = $container->get(Yiisoft\Router\UrlMatcherInterface::class);
$responseFactory = $container->get(\Psr\Http\Message\ResponseFactoryInterface::class);

$routerMiddleware = new Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router($router, $responseFactory, $container);

// Add middleware to your middleware handler of choice.
```

> In case of a route match router middleware executes handler middleware attached to the route. If there is no match, next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a route matches, router middleware executes handler middleware attached to the route. If there is no match, next
```

application middleware processes the request.

### Automatic responses

`Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` middleware responds automatically to:

> - `OPTIONS` requests;

Reviewer: I think some examples or explanation are needed, since it is not clear how exactly it responds. It's documented below but I think it could be moved here somehow.

Author: fixed in #266

- requests with methods that are not supported by the target resource.

> You can disable this behavior by calling the `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router::ignoreMethodFailureHandle()` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable this behavior by calling the `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router::ignoreMethodFailureHandle()` method:
```

```php
use Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router;

$routerMiddleware = new Router($router, $responseFactory, $middlewareFactory, $currentRoute);

> // Returns a new instance with the turned off method failure error handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Returns a new instance with the turned off method failure error handler.
```

> $routerMiddleware = $routerMiddleware->ignoreMethodFailureHandle();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$routerMiddleware = $routerMiddleware->ignoreMethodFailureHandler();
```

```

or define the `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` configuration in the DI container

`config/common/di/router.php`:

```php
use Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router;

return [
    Router::class => [

>         'ignoreMethodFailureHandle()' => [],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'ignoreMethodFailureHandler()' => [],
```

By default, `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` middleware responds to `OPTIONS` requests based on the routes defined:

```
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Allow: GET, HEAD
```

You can setup a custom response factory by calling the `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router::withOptionsResponseFactory()` method

```php
use Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router;

$routerMiddleware = new Router($router, $responseFactory, $middlewareFactory, $currentRoute);
$optionsResponseFactory = new OptionsResponseFactory();

// Returns a new instance with the response factory.
$routerMiddleware = $routerMiddleware->withOptionsResponseFactory($optionsResponseFactory);
```

or define the `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` configuration in the DI container

`config/common/di/router.php`:

```php
use Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router;

return [
    Router::class => [
        'withOptionsResponseFactory()' => [Reference::to(OptionsResponseFactory::class)],
    ],
];
```

#### Method not allowed

By default, `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router` middleware responds to requests with methods that are not supported by the target resource based on the routes defined:

```
HTTP/1.1 405 Method Not Allowed
Allow: GET, HEAD
```

> You can setup a custom response factory by calling `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router::withNotAllowedResponseFactory()` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can setup a custom response factory by calling `Yiisoft\Router\Middleware\Router::withNotAllowedResponseFactory()` method:
```
